# 与专家对话:购买和销售网站和域名-抄本

> 原文：<https://www.sitepoint.com/talk-expertsbuying-selling-websites-domains-transcript/>

今天我很荣幸地在我们的[与专家聊天室](https://experts.learnable.com/ "Talk with the Experts")邀请到了 [Flippa 的](http://flippa.com "Flippa") Luke McCormack。我们讨论了买卖网站、域名和(现在苹果已经改变了他们的 T4 条款，使之成为可能)iOS 应用的来龙去脉。Luke 提供了一些建议，包括如何使用 Flippa 来了解自己网站的价值。

本次会议产生了一些有用的资源，为了让您不必在文字稿中进行筛选，我将它们整理成一个列表，如下所示:

Centurica 将整理一份关于你的网站的报告，包括高水平的估价。
[网站展望](http://www.websiteoutlook.com "Website Outlook")会给你一个估计值
[不可能性](http://impossibility.org/ "Impossibility")和[精益域名搜索](http://www.leandomainsearch.com/ "Lean Domain Search")都是找到可用域名的好地方。
Flippa 的[卖指南](https://flippa.com/documents/sellers-guide.pdf "Flippa's selling guide")
和他们的[买指南](https://flippa.com/pro-guide-to-buying-websites.pdf "Flippa's buying guide")
[网站是怎么赚钱的？来自 Flippa 的一个有趣的幻灯片(附统计数据)](http://www.slideshare.net/Flippadotcom/how-do-websites-make-money-16613130 "Slideshow")

如果你因为不知道而错过了今天的会议，你可以查看即将到来的时间表，并在这里注册电子邮件提醒。接下来是 10 月 15 日星期三下午 2:30**太平洋时间**的 PHP。

最后，这是今天早上的完整记录，如果你们对发生的事情感兴趣的话。快乐阅读！

[21:57] <info337> are we set to go
[21:57] <HAWK> We sure are
[21:57] <HAWK> Do you have a question?
[21:57] <steve> I’m a domain name hoarder. Wondering if I can make it a profitable disease.
[21:58] <HAWK> Welcome to those of you that have just joined. We’re just kicking off now.
**[21:58] <LukeMcCormack> Hi steve, you sure can. We’ve sold a bunch of really great domains on Flippa**
**[21:58] <LukeMcCormack> Recently we sold StockPhoto.com for $250k**
[21:58] <Jerry> Sounds like it could be an expensive hobby if you aren’t actually selling them, Steve
[21:59] <HAWK> Welcome Kevin – we’re just starting with a question from Steve: I’m a domain name hoarder. Wondering if I can make it a profitable disease.
[21:59] <HAWK> What would be the best approach in Steve’s case, LukeMcCormack?
**[22:00] <LukeMcCormack> My advice to Steve would be to have a look through his current portfolio and pick a few quality domains to start with.**
[22:00] <HAWK> What qualifies as a quality domain?
[22:01] <Jerry> What type of demand do you foresee for domain names in the new TLDs that are already taken in .com, etc and not subject to preemption by trademark holders, etc?
[22:01] <hiddenpearls> My first question is how I can know the real values of my domain like my domain is imblog.info
**[22:01] <LukeMcCormack> Start with a dot com – the fewer words/letters the better.**
**[22:02] <LukeMcCormack> For example one word domains are in super high demand at the moment.**
[22:02] <Jerry> supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.com
[22:02] <HAWK> heh
[22:02] <steve> Thanks, guys. Rationality is a novel approach.
[22:03] <HAWK> On what basis do you choose domains to buy, steve?
**[22:03] <LukeMcCormack> Jerry interesting question – re the new TLDS; they’re obviously going to flood the market a bit.**
**[22:03] <LukeMcCormack> But if you can grab a few decent quality ones early they’re bound to increase in price in the future.**
[22:04] <steve> HAWK, generally compound words with some notion of product potential
**[22:04] <LukeMcCormack> There’s always going to be demand for aged, one word domains which will certainly outlast the new TLDs**
[22:04] <hiddenpearls> What do you guys think about the values of .JOBS domains ?
[22:04] <steve> e.g. “crawlforit.com” as a pub crawl planner and documenter
[22:05] <HAWK> Ha, love it.
**[22:05] <LukeMcCormack> hiddenpearls picking the value of a domain is always hard. My advice would be list on Flippa with a reserve that you would be comfortable selling at and then see how the marketplace values it.**
[22:05] <HAWK> Welcome to those of you that have just joined. We’re currently talking about how to assign a value to a domain
**[22:05] <LukeMcCormack> Ideally set a low opening bid price – which will give you a good idea of market value based on where bidding stops.**
[22:06] <HAWK> But can you do that if you don’t actually want to sell, LukeMcCormack?
[22:06] <hiddenpearls> LukeMcCormack, ok
**[22:07] <LukeMcCormack> HAWK if you don’t want to sell then I probably wouldn’t worry about listing on Flippa.**
[22:07] <Franz> hi everyone
[22:07] <Jerry> Hawk – why bother if you don’t want to sell?
[22:07] <hiddenpearls> just to get the value, Jerry
[22:07] <Jerry> Hi Franz
[22:08] <hiddenpearls> if we get some good price … then its better to sale :)
[22:08] <HAWK> Jerry – if you wanted to know the approx value of your site but weren’t nec ready to sell it
[22:08] <HAWK> Hi Franz – welcome. Jump in with a question at any time (if you have one). I’ll queue them for Luke if necessary.
**[22:08] <LukeMcCormack> hiddenpearls Centurica [http://centurica.com/](http://centurica.com/) can put together a report for you which will outline a few details of your site. They can also give you a high-level valuation if you’re interested.**
[22:08] <Franz> I just joined. Maybe the question is already answered. How Can I evaluate a site?
[22:09] <hiddenpearls> LukeMcCormack Thanks
[22:09] <HAWK> That’s what we’re currently discussing Franz Centurica [http://centurica.com/](http://centurica.com/) can put together a report for you which will outline a few details of your site. They can also give you a high-level valuation if you’re interested.
**[22:09] <LukeMcCormack> hiddenpearls coming back to the value of .JOBS – again really difficult to pick how the market will value any given asset.**
**[22:10]** **<LukeMcCormack> Another little trick on valuations is to use the advanced search on Flippa.**
[22:10] <kaybee> Wouldn’t buying and selling domain names only be for those really in that game? Can’t see the sense in picking up a few domains just ‘in case’ I could sell them off later on?
**[22:10] <LukeMcCormack> Have a look for similar domains/sites to what you’re keen to sell and then make a call based on that data**
[22:10] <hiddenpearls> LukeMcCormack, I think .JOBS will be valuable for outsource sites like elance,freelancer etc
[22:11] <HAWK> Good tip
**[22:11] <LukeMcCormack> hiddenpearls agree with you there. Certainly a market for those type of sites.**
**[22:12] <LukeMcCormack> kaybee I tend to agree with you. Generally if you’re just starting out a great place to start is with a few established sites that are making a few dollars and build them up from there.**
[22:12] <HAWK> kaybee – perhaps we could ask steve why he does it?
**[22:12] <LukeMcCormack> kaybee the one-word dot com domain game is certainly a hard one to get into now without a lot of cash.**
[22:12] <kelman> [http://www.websiteoutlook.com](http://www.websiteoutlook.com) will give you an estimated value
[22:12] <steve> I was just going to say “i do it all the time” lol
[22:13] <steve> I’m a dreamer.
[22:13] <HAWK> Thanks kelman
[22:13] <Tim> Do you think it’s better to build a site under a domain, so it builds some Google equity, or would it be better to have the domain free of any previous associations (i.e. website) to it?
[22:13] <kaybee> I’ve been building sites for a number of years now but buying and selling domain names I wouldn’t even consider – it’s not my core business – I would only contemplate doing so if I had a separate business for that purpose.
[22:14] <HAWK> Have you had any success so far steve?
**[22:15] <LukeMcCormack> Tim building a site on a quality domain will give you some good Google juice and also means you have a decent asset to fall back on. However if you build a quality, online business it generally doesn’t matter what the domain is.**
[22:15] <kaybee> Steve, so is the buying and seliling of domains a major component of your business?
**[22:15] <LukeMcCormack> Tim for example talking about our high-end of the marketplace, it’s all about the numbers there rather than the domain itself. Just as it would be with any quality, established business.**
[22:15] <steve> kaybee. I buy, I don’t sell. Unfortunately, every domain I buy has a product idea behind it. So I get attached to potential.
[22:16] <HAWK> LukeMcCormack when you say a quality domain, do you mean one that has previously been used, or a new one?
[22:16] <kaybee> LukeMcCormack – agreed – new clients always think they can just buy that domain, not true any more!
[22:16] <kaybee> steve – ah – understood!
**[22:16] <LukeMcCormack> HAWK when I say ‘quality domain’ I’m talking about a one/two word dot com domain. Like remix.com for example: [https://flippa.com/2977014-remix-com-ultra-premium-domain-brand-for-music-video-social-tech-rare](https://flippa.com/2977014-remix-com-ultra-premium-domain-brand-for-music-video-social-tech-rare)**
[22:17] <HAWK> I’m seeing a lot of .io domains popping up in our industry (web dev). Any idea why they are suddenly taking off?
[22:17] <HAWK> Right, so whether it has been previously used for another site is of no relevance?
[22:18] <brandon> Hello
**[22:18] <LukeMcCormack> HAWK I don’t have a huge amount of insight there – but it’s probably a case of popularity. Once a trend gets going, it can often become the norm.**
[22:18] <kaybee> So are we all talking here about buying domains then attaching websites to them based on a particular product/service?
[22:18] <HAWK> Hi brandon – welcome
[22:18] <steve> There’s an awful lot of marketing BS on that remix.com description for a “sure thing” domain name
[22:18] <HAWK> If you have questions, jump in at any time
**[22:19] <LukeMcCormack> HAWK no that does matter. It’s always important to have a look at what a site was previously before investing in it.**
**[22:19] <LukeMcCormack> For example if it’s just been parked for 10 years vs if it was some kind of site for that period of time.**
**[22:19] <LukeMcCormack> Depending on what you’re looking to do with it – both have different values**
[22:19] <steve> does flippa automatically generate the marketing copy, or is that up to the seller?
**[22:20] <LukeMcCormack> steve no – that’s the seller. Just like on ebay.**
**[22:20] <LukeMcCormack> We give the sellers a blank page and they go from there.**
[22:20] <steve> Thanks, LukeMcCormack
[22:21] <kaybee> So I’m now thinking…. dream up a product/service….. create a base themed website…… find a domain to suit……buy that……package it all together under my reseller hosting and voila!!! mmmmm…….
**[22:21] <LukeMcCormack> We’ve just redesigned our header to bring a bit more attention to our domains. We now have a dedicated ‘Domains’ tab/list. Here’s the link: [https://flippa.com/buy?type=domain](https://flippa.com/buy?type=domain)**
**[22:21] <LukeMcCormack> kaybee sounds good to me. My advice would be do all that, then run the business for a min of 6-12 months.**
**[22:22] <LukeMcCormack> Build up a good base of revenue, users and traffic and you’ll have something decent to sell.**
[22:22] <kaybee> Something I could do in my ‘free time’ !
[22:22] <steve> Oh…. only $9k for iheartu2.com… hoarding trigger
**[22:22] <LukeMcCormack> Quality business are always in high demand on Flippa**
**[22:22] <LukeMcCormack> steve :)**
[22:23] <HAWK> steve – I hate domains that you have to spell out to people
[22:23] <kaybee> I’m liking this idea….. sites could be simple but ready for clients to just input their material….. would save me having to custom build websites all the time!
[22:23] <brandon> Luke, know of anyone who has sold iOS web apps on flippa?
[22:23] <steve> like r8ti8r.com
**[22:24] <LukeMcCormack> brandon absolutely! We’ve just launched our iOS section of the marketplace and we’re seeing some great results so far**
[22:24] <brandon> What about an app with no revenue?
**[22:24] <LukeMcCormack> brandon if you use our ‘Advanced Search’ functionality you can drill down into the detail on all the sold iOS apps. Give me a min and I’ll grab you a link**
[22:24] <kaybee> LukeMcCormack – some great names in there!
**[22:25]** **<LukeMcCormack> brandon here’s a quick list – a few decent sales; $7k, $5k etc:** [https://flippa.com/buy/search?q=&format=all&status=won&age_min=&age_max=&revenue_min=&revenue_max=&profit_min=&profit_max=&type=app&price_min=&price_max=&hits_min=&hits_max=&uniques_min=&uniques_max=&googlelinks_min=&googlelinks_max=&pagerank=&alexa=&downloads_min=&downloads_max=&tld=&](https://flippa.com/buy/search?q=&format=all&status=won&age_min=&age_max=&revenue_min=&revenue_max=&profit_min=&profit_max=&type=app&price_min=&price_max=&hits_min=&hits_max=&uniques_min=&uniques_max=&googlelinks_min=&googlelinks_max=&pagerank=&alexa=&downloads_min=&downloads_max=&tld=&)sort_col=relevance&sort_dir=asc&search=Search+Listings
[22:26] <steve> LukeMcCormack why are some listings in light yellow, and some in white?
**[22:26] <LukeMcCormack> steve those are different upgrades we offer**
**[22:26] <LukeMcCormack> The light yellow, large screenshots, etc can all draw more attention to your listing**
**[22:27]** **<LukeMcCormack> I always recommend a screenshot**
[22:27] <islander1988> Hello. Just remembered the chat had started. :)
[22:27] <HAWK> No probs. I’ll post up a transcript later so you can see what you’ve missed.
**[22:28] <LukeMcCormack> steve we package those upgrades in a few different ways**
[22:28] <hiddenpearls> buyer gets the source code of iOS App ??
**[22:29] <LukeMcCormack> hiddenpearls yep it’s usually everything associated with the site/business/app which is sold.**
**[22:29] <LukeMcCormack> But always ask just in case :)**
[22:29] <steve> is there a way to sort by domain name length, LukeMcCormack?
**[22:30] <LukeMcCormack> steve unfortunately not by length. But you can certainly filter by .com etc**
[22:30] <dimilow> on selling websites, what are the reasons these owners want to sell their sites?
[22:31] <brandon> LukeMcCormack, So I made an app its a “Smoking Game” using a lot of elements of popular drinking games. As far as I know its a completely original concept for a game. But of course apple rejected it… So I have released it as a free web app/android app. Not really sure what the best route from here is. Any thoughts? You can view it here www.hitorquit.co
**[22:32] <LukeMcCormack> dimilow it varies. Often it’s a case of owners/creators/founders not have the time or resources required to keep the business running.**
**[22:32] <LukeMcCormack> Some want cash for other startups/investments**
**[22:32] <LukeMcCormack> Others are just tired of running the site/business and are looking for a change.**
[22:32] <brandon> Its a quality game with a HUGE potential niche market with no competitors. Just having a hard time bringing it to them. Especially with the recent change in laws for WA and CO
**[22:32] <LukeMcCormack> I guess it’s similar to any business sale.**
**[22:33] <LukeMcCormack> brandon the big challenge for you is getting it past Apple.**
[22:33] <steve> brandon, smoking what? 
[22:33] <HAWK> That’s because they’re all asleep brandon ;)
[22:33] <brandon> Anything really 
**[22:33] <LukeMcCormack> My advice on that would be continue making the required changes to get it into the iOS app store and then your chance of selling it will greatly increase.**
[22:33] <steve> I like “anything,” brandon. Very flexible.
[22:33] <brandon> the game doesnt specify anything. Its a really clean modest design
[22:34] <brandon> no weed leafs or tacky design
[22:34] <brandon> apple is a brick wall. they basically just said no and didnt give me any possible route to getting it in the store
[22:34] <HAWK> I’m not sure you’d ever get it past Apple though, would you?
[22:35] <brandon> this is ALL they would state as a reason
[22:35] <brandon> Apps that encourage excessive consumption of alcohol or illegal substances, or encourage minors to consume alcohol or smoke cigarettes, will be rejected
**[22:35] <LukeMcCormack> brandon that’s tough then. Without getting it into the Apple app store there’s not a clear avenue to market for a new owner.**
**[22:35] <LukeMcCormack> That’s if we’re only talking iOS apps of course :)**
**[22:35] <LukeMcCormack> HAWK brandon it’s hard to get apps past Apple at the best of times.**
[22:35] <brandon> [https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/drinking-games/id490079741?mt=8](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/drinking-games/id490079741?mt=8)
[22:36] <brandon> this is just one of many “drinking game” games in the store
[22:36] <steve> brandon, the difference is that drinking is good for you
[22:36] <HAWK> LukeMcCormack – how important do you think it is to own the .com these days? For instance, if I was launching a startup and the .com wasn’t available, do you think it’s worth revisiting the name?
[22:36] <brandon> steve, haha funny….
[22:37] <brandon> Good question HAWK
**[22:37] <LukeMcCormack> brandon just to finish that question – our marketplace takes data from the iOS app store as part of the listing. So you wouldn’t be able to sell it via Flippa as an iOS app.**
**[22:37] <LukeMcCormack> But you might be able to sell it as a project/site**
**[22:38]** **<LukeMcCormack> It all depends on how much interest you could generate**
[22:38] <brandon> Yea, hoping to maybe have some better luck in a few months
[22:38] <steve> yeah, brandon, could you pivot that into a subscription web app?
**[22:38] <LukeMcCormack> HAWK the best startup advice is always to try to grab a .com – helps a lot with SEO, etc. But it’s certainly not essential**
**[22:38] <LukeMcCormack> There’s a lot of great business that don’t have a .com domain**
[22:39] <HAWK> Helps with SEO in what way? Do people actually type in domain names any more?
[22:39] <brandon> I tried that Steve but its hard enough getting people to download the app
[22:39] <steve> aye. good luck, brandon
**[22:39] <LukeMcCormack> HAWK if the .com wasn’t available – I would probably revisit the name**
[22:39] <steve> LukeMcCormak, are hyphens still verboten? This 2-year old article warns against them [http://blog.silktide.com/2011/06/how-one-tiny-hyphen-destroyed-our-seo-efforts/](http://blog.silktide.com/2011/06/how-one-tiny-hyphen-destroyed-our-seo-efforts/)
**[22:40] <LukeMcCormack> HAWK here’s a couple of great places to start to look for available domain names: [http://impossibility.org/](http://impossibility.org/)**
**[22:40] <LukeMcCormack> [http://www.leandomainsearch.com/](http://www.leandomainsearch.com/)**
[22:40] <HAWK> Thanks
**[22:41] <LukeMcCormack> I really like leandomainsearch.com because it gives you a really clear list of options, rather than trying to sell you hosting, other domains, etc**
[22:41] <HAWK> I’m still interested in the SEO comment that you made. How does a .com help with SEO these days?
**[22:42] <LukeMcCormack> steve SEO is such a hard game – Google moves the goal post every few weeks at best.**
[22:43] <steve> good point, LukeMcCormack. Focus on content
**[22:44] <LukeMcCormack> HAWK I’m no SEO guru – but for some reason Google gives .com more love than other domains. Obviously they’ll serve up the best possible results but if a .com and another domain are equally weighted in terms of relevance (from what I understand) the .com will rank higher.**
[22:44] <HAWK> Ok, thanks. :)
**[22:45] <LukeMcCormack> The other thing to think about from an SEO perspective is if you’re logged into your Google account you’ll see different results in comparison to other users.**
[22:45] <HAWK> And the majority of people are logged in these days I would have thought
**[22:45] <LukeMcCormack> I’d say so yep**
**[22:46] <LukeMcCormack> I know I’m always logged into Google, Facebook, Twitter, etc. which means I get served up results based on all that activity.**
[22:46] <HAWK> I think we have a gap in questions, so now is the perfect time to jump in if you’re sitting on one.
**[22:47]** **<LukeMcCormack> If you’re new to ‘Selling’ on Flippa here’s a great PDF resource we’ve created:** [https://flippa.com/documents/sellers-guide.pdf](https://flippa.com/documents/sellers-guide.pdf)
**[22:47]** **<LukeMcCormack> And if you’re new to ‘Buying’ here’s our guide on that:** [https://flippa.com/pro-guide-to-buying-websites.pdf](https://flippa.com/pro-guide-to-buying-websites.pdf)
**[22:48] <LukeMcCormack> Free ebooks right there! :)**
[22:49] <hiddenpearls> :)
**[22:50] <LukeMcCormack> Here’s a few interesting stats we put together early this year on different niches, site types, number, etc: [http://www.slideshare.net/Flippadotcom/how-do-websites-make-money-16613130](http://www.slideshare.net/Flippadotcom/how-do-websites-make-money-16613130)**
**[22:51] <LukeMcCormack> In terms of buying – always make sure you do a heap of research and due diligence, just as you would with any investment.**
**[22:52] <LukeMcCormack> On each listing page we offer a dedicated ‘due diligence’ page with a bit of data on each listing**
**[22:52] <LukeMcCormack> You’ll see that in the middle of the screen on any listing, just under the ‘Backlinks’ heading**
[22:53] <dimilow> Are there people or companies build websites for selling them off later?
**[22:53] <LukeMcCormack> dimilow certainly do.**
**[22:54] <LukeMcCormack> We have a few sellers who build and sell on a regular basis.**
[22:55] <dimilow> what is the right time to sell? base on visit hits? monthly income?
**[22:55] <LukeMcCormack> dimilow the best time to sell is often based on age of the site.**
**[22:55] <LukeMcCormack> For example we have a lot of buyers who won’t consider buying anything that’s less than 6 months old**
**[22:56] <LukeMcCormack> The reason for that is often is difficult to prove the market on any business without a good 6 months worth of sales data.**
[22:56] <HAWK> We only have a few minutes left in the session people. If you have any questions, make sure you get them in now.
**[22:57] <LukeMcCormack> dimilow in terms of a valuation – we generally see quality businesses sell on Flippa for around 12-18 x monthly profit.**
[22:57] <steve> LukeMcCormack, what percentage of sold domains generate exclusively ad revenue, as opposed to products or services?
**[22:57] <LukeMcCormack> steve we see a lot of businesses which are monetised via advertising.**
[22:58] <steve> Most?
**[22:58] <LukeMcCormack> steve probably not most, but it’s a good percentage.**
[22:59] <steve> ok. Thanks, LukeMcCormack. (I’m only creative enough to maybe generate traffic, not products or services :)
**[22:59] <LukeMcCormack> In terms of a ranking – Ad revenue is probably the strongest, followed by ecomm type sites (products/services)**
**[23:00] <LukeMcCormack> steve it’s actually not a bad strategy – if you can generate traffic, others will see value where they can add the product/services component of the business.**
[23:00] <HAWK> And… that’s a wrap, unless anyone has anything urgent. :)
**[23:00] <LukeMcCormack> The good news is where you can add value, someone else will be able to add additional/different value.**
**[23:00]** **<LukeMcCormack> Thanks everyone for you time!**
[23:00] <HAWK> Thanks so much for your time this morning Luke. Much appreciated.
**[23:00] <LukeMcCormack> Much appreciated.**
[23:00] <hiddenpearls> Thanks guys
[23:00] <HAWK> I’ll post a transcript up later today on SitePoint
**[23:00] <LukeMcCormack> Hit me up on twitter if you have any other questions: @lukemccormack**
**[23:01] <LukeMcCormack> Always happy to have a chat**

## 分享这篇文章